If you read Danny's books, you'll see that my dad was supposed to be the most moderate of the lefty-ness,
but none of them were anywhere near Tories.
And in my family growing up, my dad, it did.
I mean, in the sense that my dad was in the army from, you know, 42 to 46,
and the war had massive impression on him.
I remember him talking to Holda's husband, Marcel, when I was growing up about, you know,
just little memories about being in the tube or being in the shelter.
My dad, for instance, was in some place in the war, and he went to the bus stop,
and he'd forgotten something, you know, an air raid, the bus stop's a crater.
It made him like, he had a sort of realpolitik about things,
but he couldn't believe how badly it was bungled, and he was definitely against wars,
particularly the Vietnam War was huge.
And he was friends and an advisor to George McGovern, who was, I mean, when I was growing,
my dad taught in North Carolina, Virginia, and the District of Columbia,
and we frequently, we had meals with the McGoverns,
and he was advising them during the 72 campaign, you know,
and so he was quite a left-wing politician for America.